[THEME MUSIC]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Ronny Le Blanc is with us, a
paranormal expert and author.
And he also stars on the
Discovery Channel series,
"Expedition Bigfoot," and
the Travel Channel series,
"Paranormal Caught on Camera."
Ronny, welcome to the program.
>>RONNY LE BLANC: Thanks
for having me, George.
Appreciate it.
>>NOORY: You are a busy guy.
>>LE BLANC: Yeah,
it's been a wild ride.
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved in all of this?
>>LE BLANC: I've always had an
interest in the subject of UFOs
and Bigfoot.
I spent a lot of time in
the library reading books
around this.
But I had a really
interesting experience
that I could not really
understand when I was about 11
in Leominster State Forest Area.
>>NOORY: Know that well.
>>LE BLANC: Yeah.
Your family is from Fitchburg.
That's amazing.
Yeah, it was something--
I was by myself.
I was on my bike.
I was meeting some
friends, going
to Monsterland, which I had no
idea why it was called that.
It was just a place where
we would go ride bikes
and four-wheelers.
And on my way, I was
going through a trail,
and I had stopped.
I noticed right away
that this area was--
there were no animal sounds.
I felt like I was being watched.
It just had a
different energy to it.
>>NOORY: You could sense it.
You could--
>>LE BLANC: Absolutely.
And so I had both feet on the
ground, my bike in between me.
And suddenly, to the left,
the forest started to erupt.
I saw shrubs and trees moving.
And I could feel
footsteps reverberate
through the soles of my feet.
So I expected a moose to
emerge from that greenery
onto the trail.
>>NOORY: It was that heavy.
>>LE BLANC: It was that heavy.
And what I saw--
what it was moving with
the trees and shrubs,
it had to be
something very large.
And when it came onto the
trail, there was nothing there.
And it continued on
to the other side.
Same situation, trees
and shrubs moving.
And my mind was trying to grasp
this idea that I just witnessed
something that was invisible.
I never thought of Bigfoot
or anything like that,
but I went right home.
I didn't meet my friends.
And it just puzzled me,
went into my subconscious
because I couldn't
come up with an answer.
And it wasn't
until decades later
that I started really
looking into Bigfoot and some
of the different theories
about these things
being interdimensional, having
the capability of cloaking.
And so that's why I feel
like I had that experience.
>>NOORY: Well, and
at 11 years old,
you're not expected to
come up with an answer.
>>LE BLANC: That's right.
Yeah, it was just--
I knew all the
animals in that area.
I spent so much
time in the woods,
spending my days going through
Brooks and everything else.
So that idea just never
popped into my head
about Bigfoot, especially
being in Massachusetts.
And I found out that that
was definitely not the case.
There were a multitude
of sightings just
in and around this area
called Monsterland.
>>NOORY: What is Monsterland?
>>LE BLANC: It's about
a 5,000-acre forest.
Initially, this was a location
that was near a small community.
They started to develop that,
houses and different businesses.
And then the activity seemed
to really start picking up
around Leominster State Forest.
People were seeing UFOs,
finding tracks of what
looked like Bigfoot creatures.
These orange orbs
were being seen.
And this is a multitude of
things that were happening in,
around this area.
And it was also very
interesting that Fort Devens
was about five miles away.
And we had all this
different activity.
Betty Andreasson was
an alien abductee
and she had her first
experience in Leominster.
So a lot of history with
strangeness in Leominster.
>>NOORY: What got the
phrase "Monsterland"?
>>LE BLANC: What I
found out is people
were seeing Bigfoot
creatures as early as 1880,
and so they named this
location Monsterland.
And then it started
to make sense
why it was given that name.
Farmers were witnessing these
tall, hairy creatures taking
pigs from their
farm, or they were
finding cattle torn to shreds.
And so this idea that
there's something else living
alongside us, and the different
Native American stories
about these things, was
pretty fascinating to find out
that other people
were experiencing
similar type of creatures.
>>NOORY: Has there been any
definitive evidence, footprints,
casts, anything
like that out there?
>>LE BLANC: We did capture
something pretty incredible.
I had a friend of mine,
his brother and his wife
were out hiking in Leominster
State Forest back in 2010.
They were the only
ones in the forest
that they could
see at that time.
>>NOORY: Popular forest, huh?
>>LE BLANC: Very popular.
But that particular day
was like 90 in June.
Everyone's pretty
much at the beach.
They're out in the woods.
And they went through this
particular trail on the way
to find the reservoir,
Newtown Reservoir,
to go do some fishing.
And they went the
wrong direction.
So when they came back to
this fork in the trail,
Bill had noticed
footsteps in the mud.
And as he got closer,
he could see toes.
And what freaked him out--
>>NOORY: Toes?
>>LE BLANC: Toes.
Visible toes.
It looked like a
human footprint.
What freaked him
out, that there were
six of these in a straight
line with a six-foot stride.
They were 3.5 deep
into the ground.
>>NOORY: That's
an 11-foot animal.
>>LE BLANC: Huge.
And--
>>NOORY: Whatever it is.
>>LE BLANC: Yeah, he instantly
was like, OK, this is either
a crazy person running
around the woods,
or all those stories of
Bigfoot in Monsterland
were starting to come together.
And instantly, they
got freaked out.
It took them 45 minutes
to get to this location,
but it took them another 2.5
hours to get out of the forest.
>>NOORY: Why so long?
>>LE BLANC: What ends up
happening when people have
these Bigfoot experiences,
they may not see one,
they may find
something interesting.
They felt like they
got all twisted around,
like something zapped
them in their head
that they couldn't figure
out how to get out.
And a lot of people talk
about this similar situation
after or before a
Bigfoot experience.
>>NOORY: Do they lose time?
>>LE BLANC: Some cases,
there is that indication
that there might be
some missing time.
In this particular case, they
were just extremely frightened.
Had no idea what
they had discovered.
His brother called me
to tell me about it.
I interviewed Bill
days after the event.
He was still visibly shaken.
He couldn't sleep.
He was calling his mom
with tears in his eyes.
And this is someone that's
45 years old and a hunter.
He wouldn't go back
unless someone had a gun.
And both me and his
brother joined him,
and I brought a
small plaster kit.
We ended up finding
the trackway again,
casted the best-looking
print we could.
>>NOORY: Still have it?
>>LE BLANC: He
still has it, yes.
As we're waiting for that to
dry, a series of four-wheelers
were coming up the trail.
And we had to jump
in front of them
to stop them from
going over the tracks.
>>NOORY: Or they would
have smashed the tracks.
>>LE BLANC: And it
dawned on me, if we
had gotten there
10 minutes later,
those tracks would be gone.
>>NOORY: Gone.
>>LE BLANC: There would
be no Monsterland book.
There would be no
"Expedition Bigfoot."
There would be none of that.
So that was really, I think,
the genesis to really put me
on this particular path.
>>NOORY: Ronny, could you
demonstrate just how big
the cast of that
foot might have been?
>>LE BLANC: Yeah, it was
about 10.5 inches long,
so a normal
human-sized footprint.
>>NOORY: What about the width?
>>LE BLANC: The width
was about five inches,
so that's about half
of that length, which
we call the Sasquatch ratio.
And it just was much bigger in
proportion, especially the toes.
>>NOORY: Did it look more like
an ape foot or a human foot?
>>LE BLANC: It looked
like a little bit of both.
It looked more human, but what
we noticed, that it had what's
called the midtarsal
break and almost
like a hinge in the
middle of that foot.
The other piece was the fact
that it was five inches across
as half the length,
and that's something
we call the Sasquatch ratio.
>>NOORY: That's a good width.
>>LE BLANC: Yeah, so if you
see a 20-inch print, typically,
that width could be
about 10 inches across.
So it seemed to follow
that same ratio.
We had it analyzed by the
BFRO, Dr. David Break.
And he--
>>NOORY: Good guy.
>>LE BLANC: --said, hey, this
is a legitimate Sasquatch print.
There's been sightings in and
around your area over the past--
for hundreds of years,
but specifically, there's
been sightings in and around
this area known as Monsterland.
>>NOORY: So you can rule out
a guy with a foot patch--
>>LE BLANC: Correct.
>>NOORY: --popping it
in the ground, right?
>>LE BLANC: Correct.
Yeah, and these were 3.5
inches deep into the ground.
So when Bill tried to put
his foot down, 245 pounds,
tried to push down with us,
he could barely break an inch.
So whatever this thing
was, was extremely heavy.
And the stride itself
is almost impossible
to really duplicate as a human.
>>NOORY: Ronny, in
some Bigfoot sightings,
there are reports of orbs
floating all over the place.
Do you pick that
up in Monsterland?
>>LE BLANC: We have.
And what was really strange,
this capture of this cast led
Bill and I to be on the
show "Finding Bigfoot."
And it was--
>>NOORY: Great show.
>>LE BLANC: Great show.
And it was about a week before
they were about to air the show,
and I'm driving home,
and suddenly, there's
two orange balls of light about
the size of a basketball, maybe
a little bit bigger.
One over the other,
flying towards my car
as I'm heading into Leominster.
I rolled down my window.
This is late
December, still cold.
They were completely silent.
They flew right over my car.
And they continued
towards Lunenburg,
towards the swamp area.
And I just was blown
away by this experience.
So when I got home, I told
my wife what I had seen.
And seeing these orbs, there was
definitely an energy about it.
I felt like there
was some intelligence
behind these things.
They weren't just--
>>NOORY: Did you feel any
emotion with them around?
>>LE BLANC: I definitely
felt something special is
the best way I could label it.
That what I was
witnessing, not everybody
has this chance to
have these experiences.
But what freaked me out
is when I had gotten home
and told my wife, I had
jumped onto my computer,
and Facebook was up.
And I noticed my friend
Ryan was on messenger,
has a little green light next--
>>NOORY: The little green
light shows he's there.
>>LE BLANC: And
something told me,
"Tell Ryan what you experienced.
Send him a note."
And it wasn't a voice.
It was just a feeling.
And so I started to send
him a message and say,
you're not going to believe
what I just saw 10 minutes ago.
I saw two orange balls
of light fly over my car.
And he responded
immediately, in all caps,
you're freaking
me out right now.
He goes, were you at
the Leominster Connector
when this happened?
And this is an area,
this intersection.
And I said yes.
He goes, I was there.
He was waiting at the
light at one intersection
as I was driving by.
And that blew me away.
But what he said after
this took it another level.
He said, do you know what I've
been doing for the past two
years?
We hadn't talked
in quite some time,
but I knew he was
interested in this subject.
And I said, what?
He goes, I'm a UFO investigator.
And I was like, uh,
we need to meet.
And so we ended up getting
together and talking about this.
But that was one of
about nine sightings
I've had of these orange orbs
at the beginning of this Bigfoot
run.
So there seemed to be some
interesting connection
with these orbs and Bigfoot.
>>NOORY: And it seems like
UFOs are prevalent in some
of these cases.
Do you pick that up?
>>LE BLANC: Absolutely.
Some of these are--
people are seeing
flying saucers,
cylindrical-shaped craft.
They're also seeing
these type of orbs,
orange to white colored.
Oftentimes, these are--
>>NOORY: How big are these orbs?
Like this?
>>LE BLANC: Some of them about
the size of a basketball.
I've seen some that are about
the size of a beach ball.
>>NOORY: That's a good size.
>>LE BLANC: We
actually had one that
was about the size of
a tennis ball, a golf
ball, that was in our house.
>>NOORY: How did they dissipate?
>>LE BLANC: We've seen
these things just vanish.
We had one just--
almost like they go behind some
kind of door and they're gone.
>>NOORY: Or into a
portal or something.
>>LE BLANC: That's
what I believe.
They are popping out of a
dimension, popping back in.
I had a friend that
was witnessing--
we're standing next to
each other, had binoculars,
and we're watching one
going across the sky.
Blue, blue sky, bright daylight.
He was watching in the
binoculars, was zooming in,
saying, what am
I-- what is this?
What am I looking at?
And suddenly, it
just disappeared
right before his eyes
as he's watching it.
>>NOORY: Many people believe
Bigfoot could be dimensional.
Could be from a UFO.
I love the theory
that it's Earth-based
because it sounds more exciting
to me, but what do you think?
>>LE BLANC: I do think that
they are interdimensional.
I do think that they
are connected to UFOs
and different portal areas.
They seem to be around
areas that are high-energy.
>>NOORY: They come
and go through these--
>>LE BLANC: It seems to be
that they pop in and out
through these dimensions.
People have shown me
photographs of a Bigfoot
with half of its body
missing, but the upper torso
is visible and materialized.
So they have this ability to
go between the spirit world,
these different dimensions.
And there's a Yakama tribe that
has a story about a Bigfoot
that lived with the tribe.
And they said that this isn't a
legend, but a real story that's
been passed down.
This hairy, colored--
hairy-covered creature
with glowing eyes came
to live with the tribe.
It communicated to
them via telepathy.
>>NOORY: Lived with the tribe.
>>LE BLANC: Lived
with the tribe,
communicated via telepathy.
When any of the tribal members
got sick, it would heal them.
And it lived with them
for many, many years
until it communicated that
it was going to pass away
and it needed to be brought
to a specific location.
So they do seem to have
an expiration date.
The tribe brought this Bigfoot
creature to this location.
They stood back.
It took its last breath.
It passed away.
And then suddenly, they watched
as a UFO descended from the sky,
picked up the UFO
body, and took off.
>>NOORY: Beamed it Up?
>>LE BLANC: Beamed it up.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>LE BLANC: So maybe they are
connected with these UFOs.
>>NOORY: That's an
amazing story, Ronny.
>>LE BLANC: Incredible.
And something that ties in what
other people have experienced
and seen, that these
things are seemingly
having the ability to
even come into your home,
to change shape and form,
and to cloak or go invisible.
>>NOORY: We've got to
still picture of something
you captured, an orb shooting
across the sky one night.
Tell us about the story and
let's look at this picture.
>>LE BLANC: Yeah, this
was pretty incredible,
where I had done a
show in New Hampshire,
and they were talking to
Bill and I about Monsterland.
And one of the
camerawomen came up to me
after we had finished filming,
and she had tears in her eyes.
And she was trying
to explain to me
that she was communicating and
working with the angelic realm.
And that they
communicated to her
that I could learn
how to go invisible.
I can learn these
different things.
And she commented that you could
capture a picture of these orbs
anytime.
She was showing me photos
from inside her house,
outside her house.
And I said, OK, what
do I need to do?
She said, take your camera.
Shut off the flash
on your phone.
Go into the backyard.
And communicate that you want
to capture a photo or picture
of one of these things.
So I spoke out loud and
said, OK, I'm ready.
I'm going to start
taking pictures
and I'll see if I can
capture one of these.
>>NOORY: And that's
what you did.
>>LE BLANC: So I
took five photos.
The first four,
there was nothing.
On my last photo, I turned away
from the viewfinder of the phone
and I took the picture,
and there was a flash.
And I put it in my
pocket because I didn't
want to get disappointed.
And I thought that
maybe I hit the flash
and the flash went off.
So I stuck it in my pocket.
I bring my kids home
from my parents' house
five minutes later.
I take out the phone and I
look and I see this photo.
And I'm freaking out.
The lady, Sherry, I had
sent her the message.
Hey, I just captured
this image of an orb--
>>NOORY: I got an orb.
>>LE BLANC: --just
like you said.
And she said, your
name, I was just
given your name about
five minutes ago,
said, Ronny Le Blanc.
And when they sent me that
message, when I hear it
from the angelic realm a
particular person's name,
they will normally get in
touch with me within 24 hours.
>>NOORY: She's tuned in, huh?
>>LE BLANC: Tuned in.
And she said, you just called
me back in five minutes
after I got your name.
And I was blown away by this.
I'm talking to one of my
daughters in the kitchen.
Hung up the phone with her.
And as we're talking, a light
being appeared in the doorway.
And both my daughter
and I saw it.
It appeared, pure white
light, head, torso--
>>NOORY: Like angelic?
>>LE BLANC: It
looked like angelic.
And it appeared
right in the doorway.
We both saw it for about
three or four seconds.
It appeared and
then disappeared.
And she described
exactly what I had seen.
And that came right after
witnessing this orb,
talking about it.
So that whole connection,
it really started to tell me
there's a lot more
going on than we think.
>>NOORY: You have a
company called Weedscape.
>>LE BLANC: Yes.
>>NOORY: Tell us about it.
Sounds like a dispensary.
>>LE BLANC: Yeah,
what we're doing--
in Massachusetts, in
Colorado, cannabis is legal.
And just recently--
>>NOORY: I'm right.
>>LE BLANC: Yes, you're right.
And what we do is we actually
create outdoor cannabis gardens,
gated, fenced-in.
But what we are
doing is actually
taking Native American plant
species, pollinator plants,
30 different species that
will bring in the monarch
butterflies, the bees,
the hummingbirds.
And we plant these
around the garden.
And it's basically to try
to build up this ecosystem.
What we started noticing is it
seemed to create something else.
And during one of
our photo shoots,
we captured a similar
picture of that one.
>>NOORY: Let's
take a look at that
and have you explain
what we're looking at.
>>LE BLANC: Sure.
So this is one of the plants
that I was tending to.
And we were talking.
>>NOORY: You're on
a huge ladder there?
>>LE BLANC: Huge ladder.
This is about a 12-foot plant.
And this is in my backyard.
And to the right
there, my daughter
had taken a series of photos.
That is not a rope.
That is an orb.
And we're catching it streaking,
either coming from the tree
or going to the tree.
And this is--
>>NOORY: Small one.
>>LE BLANC: Small one.
Looks to be about size of maybe
a golf ball, what have you.
But that was something
that I didn't
feel it or witness it once we--
>>NOORY: You didn't even know.
You didn't even know
it was behind you.
>>LE BLANC: Didn't even
know it went by, no.
And there were no
birds or anything
that were moving around.
But I was like, wow, we just
captured an orb in daylight.
>>NOORY: All right, let's look
at the other picture here.
Look at this.
>>LE BLANC: So this was
another interesting thing
that was showing up.
These rainbow lights--
is kind of showing up all
throughout around the garden.
And this is right
to the left of it.
And it's a little tough
to see, but you can almost
see the spiral up
in the corner there.
And I think we
captured a portal.
Because inside this photo
of this spiral is a face.
And when you zoom into it, you
can see what looks like eyes.
And our backyard-- yes, you can
see almost like a face in there.
>>NOORY: It looks
like an alien face.
>>LE BLANC: Yeah, and it
was just astonishing to me.
I've never--
>>NOORY: Actually, it
looks like a little old man
with a mustache.
>>LE BLANC: Yeah,
you can clearly
see what looks like eyes.
We did have-- this is--
>>NOORY: Bulging eyes.
>>LE BLANC: Bulging eyes.
We live right next to
Barrett Park, which
is-- we have a trail that comes
right out of our driveway,
essentially.
And I had a psychic medium
come up to this area years
ago, three or four
years ago, and told me
that there are
Bigfoot creatures that
are coming down to the lake,
walking through this area
to come feed.
And I believe that they
are interdimensional.
We did have a rock
thrown at our shed
from the backyard from this
particular location two
summers ago.
So we've had a lot of activity
in and around our house,
but to capture
some of this stuff
has been pretty astounding.
>>NOORY: What do you think
the significance is, Ronny,
of the tie-in between the orbs
and the Bigfoot sightings?
>>LE BLANC: It's
a great question
because there's
a lot of theories
out there that is it them?
Is it Sasquatch, these beings?
Are they the orbs, that
they're actually traveling in--
>>NOORY: And just
materialize into the other--
>>LE BLANC: Correct.
And you have orbs
in UFO encounters.
You have them in paranormal
encounters and Bigfoot.
They seem to go across
all three of these things.
So there seems to be legends
and talks about the shamans,
Native American
shamans, that would
be able to transform
themselves into a ball of light
so that they could
traverse long distances
and then rematerialize
at those locations.
>>NOORY: I always,
when I was younger,
thought orbs might have been
the spirit of the dead, souls
traveling.
Possible?
>>LE BLANC: I believe so.
I believe so because we captured
these things in different
videos, say, on "Paranormal
Caught on Camera,"
where you see a chair
about to fall over.
And moments before that, there's
an orb that flies over to it
and then the action happens.
So is it some sort of--
almost like, well, we create
a 2D shadow with our 3D forms?
Are these lights
indicators of something
coming from another dimension?
>>NOORY: We've got
another picture
to look at about a significant
UFO sighting in Monsterland.
Let's see what we have here.
>>LE BLANC: Yeah, so this
was the site of a famous--
>>NOORY: It's right
behind you, Ronny.
>>LE BLANC: It is.
The story with this
is pretty incredible
because, in 1967,
a couple witnessed
a flying saucer over this
cemetery a street over--
Betty Andreasson was living.
She had all these
different UFO experiences.
>>NOORY: She was referring to
Stanton Friedman, wasn't she?
>>LE BLANC: Yes.
Christine Peterson,
who was coming down
to do a story for the
Telegram & Gazette,
had brought an infrared
lens for her camera
in hopes that we could
capture, potentially, a UFO.
And so she said, where do
you think would be the best
place for us to set up?
Where do you think the
sighting took place?
I had no real idea, but from
the street, the vantage point,
this area seemed to be
visible that if someone
did see a UFO from the road,
this could be the location.
>>NOORY: Were you aware
of the UFO behind you?
>>LE BLANC: I was not, no.
And she took a series of photos.
And she's like, Ronny,
we got something.
And there's I think a
close-up photo of this.
But we captured that
classic flying saucer.
There are several photos
before and after this,
fractions of a second.
It's not in the frame.
It shows up right there.
>>NOORY: Now your
wife saw green UFOs?
>>LE BLANC: Yes,
Wachusett Reservoir,
which is one of the main
reservoirs that supplies water
to Boston, there's been a lot of
talks about people seeing UFOs
over there, but
more specifically,
people seeing Grey aliens
peeking behind trees.
And my wife was working
at this Wachusett Country
Club, which is--
visible Wachusett
Reservoir's there.
4th of July, they are
cleaning up outside the tables
and they're seeing the
fireworks going up to the left
of the reservoir.
One of the girls says,
hey, that firework is
going in the wrong direction.
And they see this green ball
light come out of the sky
and shooting down.
And it goes into
Wachusett Reservoir.
>>NOORY: And it
wasn't a meteorite.
>>LE BLANC: It
Completely silent.
They saw it go into the water,
but they were a little freaked
out because there was no sound.
They didn't see a
wake or a splash.
And she told me
about this sighting.
Two weeks later,
they're out there again,
now with five other
witnesses, and they see
this same green ball of light.
There's no fireworks this time.
It comes out of the
same point in the sky,
goes right into the same point
in the Wachusett Reservoir.
Again, no sound,
no wake, no splash.
They're all blown
away because she
had talked about seeing this.
They all clean up.
They go inside.
She's still outside
finishing up and she
sees the silhouettes
of the trees,
and something peeks
behind the tree.
And she calls me up
on the phone and she's
like, I'm not sure if I'm
seeing a raccoon or some kind
of animal, but we just saw
this-- had another sighting.
And she's seeing this
thing popping out
as she's talking on the phone.
And I didn't tell
her at the time.
I told her when she got home.
But IBM had purchased
the company Digital back
in the '80s.
And there was one of the
first internet chat groups
that they were communicating.
And they were talking about--
the employees were talking
about people seeing UFOs
and Grey aliens specifically
peeking behind these trees
at Wachusett Reservoir.
>>NOORY: That's what she saw.
>>LE BLANC: And that's
what she saw right
after one of these green UFOs
had entered into the reservoir.
>>NOORY: So there have been a
lot of sightings in Monsterland.
>>LE BLANC: Yeah, a ton.
>>NOORY: Has anybody
ever been hurt?
>>LE BLANC: As far as
we know, there has not
been anyone that's been hurt.
We have had different
people, witnesses
that have told me they've
seen a green orb approach them
in the woods, change
into the color orange.
And then approach them,
come right to them.
And he woke up in
darkness, had missing time.
And he was out there
looking for Bigfoot.
So he had this experience--
>>NOORY: Go figure.
>>LE BLANC: --with missing time
that we talked about earlier.
>>NOORY: Now, you captured
some UFO activity in the sky.
Let's take a look at
this little clip here.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- It's spinning
and flashing here.
What the--
[MUFFLED SPEECH]
- Honey, where is it?
- Just keep on watching
because there are
going to be more coming now.
- What's that, honey?
What's that one?
- This one.
- Where?
- Right here.
- Is that it?
- It's coming.
- OK.
- Hi.
Wow.
It moves like a bird.
The [BEEP]
- Honey.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>LE BLANC: So what was
incredible is prior to this--
and I still kick myself that
I wasn't filming before--
my wife and I were
in the garage.
Summertime, garage
door is open, and we're
talking about moving to
our new house in two weeks,
next to Leominster State Forest.
>>NOORY: Right, that
forest comes up again.
>>LE BLANC: Yes, and I said, "I
can't wait for us to move there.
There's so much activity.
We're going to see a
lot of crazy stuff."
Suddenly, something
touches her leg.
And she mentions it like
something touched her.
It happens a second time
about a minute or two later.
And then the third
time, she said
it felt like feathers were
grazing against her leg,
>>NOORY: Like a bird?
>>LE BLANC: Yes.
And I said, "It
seems like someone's
trying to get your attention.
Let's go outside."
We get up, walk
out of the garage.
We were walking to the
house and we both stop.
Our jaws drop, and we witness--
I'm calling them thunderbirds.
>>NOORY: Those are huge birds.
>>LE BLANC: Huge, but it
was a much different form.
Reddish orange, almost
this plasma-like material,
almost like a fiery
dragon or a phoenix.
The size of a bus.
Completely silent and
it's chasing after one
of similar size that is green.
And they're moving like dolphins
swimming under the ocean.
We both look at each other
like we're witnessing a scene
from a science fiction film.
They fly out of view.
And I said, let's stick around.
Typically, you have
a UFO sighting,
there's another one coming.
And sure enough, here comes
this green ball of light,
very similar to
what she had seen
going to Wachusett Reservoir.
>>NOORY: Right behind it.
>>LE BLANC: Right behind these
thunderbirds, following them.
Like in the Book
of Ezekiel, talking
about a wheel within
a wheel, we're
seeing something
spinning inside.
The light was intensifying
and glowing, again,
completely silent.
And it follows those
two thunderbirds.
And then we had
this last sighting
where she had pulled out her
phone because she could see this
coming from the distance,
flying almost like a sparrow,
where they're
flapping their wings
and they start dropping
down and coming up.
And it had this very similar
motion like those two
first thunderbirds.
So it was incredible.
>>NOORY: Native Americans have
talked about the thunderbirds
since the beginning of time.
In Alton, Illinois,
Ronny, there's
a story of what is
called the Piasa Bird.
And this is a huge bird that the
Indians would try to capture.
They weren't able to.
But this sounds the same thing.
>>LE BLANC: It sounds the
same thing and it sounds--
I was really expecting
to see something
more tangible, something
like a large bird,
but these things
definitely seem to be
more plasma-based
than anything else.
And probably, the most amazing
thing I've ever seen in my life.
And I just really
kick myself that I
didn't pull out my phone
immediately and start
filming those.
It was such this
awe moment that you
didn't want to take your
eyes off of this experience.
So many times you hear
about those, you turn away
and these things
disappear, so my eyes were
glued on what we were seeing.
>>NOORY: I have heard rumors
that the CIA and the National
Security Agency, the
NSA, have been involved
in studying Monsterland.
Have you ever heard about that?
>>LE BLANC: I've
had my suspicions
because Betty
Andreasson, who had
her experiences in
Leominster, was witnessing
these black unmarked helicopters
flying over the property
whenever they had UFO sightings.
And I was speaking
at a conference,
and I had a member
that approached me
that was stationed
at Fort Devens,
and told me that the CIA and
the NSA was indeed there.
I asked him what they were doing
there, what they were studying.
He wasn't quite
sure, but he said
that 80% of the base,
the military, the army
can't even access.
So they're doing
something there.
And this particular
area at Devens,
there's a 47-acre fusion
generator being built by MIT
and another company.
>>NOORY: Sounds like The
Large Hadron Collider
between France and Switzerland.
>>LE BLANC: Exactly.
And what they're
doing, this is supposed
to be the largest
one in the world,
is being placed
right there, which
this could be a
potential portal site,
and that's why they're
interested in having something
like that there.
>>NOORY: That's intriguing.
Do you know anything
else about this?
>>LE BLANC: I have
been doing some digging
and talking to a few
different people.
I did meet an individual that
was part of the intelligence
apparatus at Fort
Devens and told me
they're definitely working
on some interesting things.
And so I'm hoping to get
some more insight into this.
>>NOORY: They think the Hadron
colliders, if not done properly,
could create black holes.
>>LE BLANC: Correct.
Yeah, that's the idea
that we're starting
to try to understand what is
reality, these different quarks
and things that are subatomic.
There is the fear
that they could
be opening up spacetime,
creating a portal,
or creating some
sort of a black hole.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
Tell us about your Bigfoot
experience in the Salt Fork
State Park.
>>LE BLANC: Salt
Fork Park is in Ohio.
And that's when I had a
very interesting experience
with the orbs and
Bigfoot and seeing
the combination of the two.
I was with three
other individuals,
including Psychic Medium.
And we had witnessed
this orange orb
about the size of
an apple, baseball,
floating around in the forest.
>>NOORY: Here we go again.
>>LE BLANC: Here we go again.
And I said, you've
got to be kidding me.
I cannot believe that we're--
I'm seeing this here.
And I called to everybody.
We were walking from the
conference center to the cabins.
And this forest is in
between the parking area.
So it just seemed like an
odd spot for this to happen.
We went up to the tree line.
We were watching this
thing dancing around,
and I called out to it.
It kind of dawned on
me that maybe this
is someone wearing
a light on their hat
and trying to mess with us.
>>NOORY: Like a miner.
>>LE BLANC: Or like someone
using a red light lamp
on their--
night lamp on their head.
>>NOORY: Like they were
in caves and stuff.
>>LE BLANC: Right,
and so I called out
and I said, hey, if
you're in there, come out.
And there was no response.
And I said I'm going to
throw a rock in there.
Still no response.
I picked up a rock.
I tossed it right
towards that light.
We then watched this
light form two eyes
and a shadow that was
about eight feet tall.
And a Bigfoot materialized
in front of us.
And this thing was
rocking back and forth.
And just took the
breath out of me.
>>NOORY: Now, what do you
mean a Bigfoot materialized?
>>LE BLANC: So that--
>>NOORY: Like it came out
of a different dimension?
>>LE BLANC: No, it's like
that orb became two eyes.
And then there was
a shadow, a form.
You could clearly see--
>>NOORY: Physical, or you
could put your hand through it.
>>LE BLANC: Yeah, you could see
like a head shape and a body
shape and those--
that light now became the
eyes of this creature.
>>NOORY: Was it an
image or was it solid?
>>LE BLANC: It looked solid.
It looked like a
completely-- if you
were to look at somebody
in the darkness,
you could see the
silhouette of the form.
You may not be able to
make out those details,
but you could see that clearly,
there was someone standing there
in front of us.
And one of the individuals
said, get ready.
They're going to surround us.
And I was like, they.
And we began to hear footsteps
and branches breaking
to the right.
We were hearing the
same thing to the left.
And this thing is
still in front of us,
and I'm just keeping
my eyes on it.
I hear all this
crunching of branches.
And I turn to the left, and
there's a pool of moonlight.
And I witnessed something
walk into that light that
had to be seven to
eight feet tall, hair,
grayish hair, no real neck but I
could see a head and shoulders,
walk through this thing.
>>NOORY: Typical Bigfoot.
>>LE BLANC: Yeah,
and I turned back
and I see Dr. Foster,
the clairvoyant medium,
is now kind of kneeling down
and looking straight ahead.
And this glowing-eyed
Bigfoot is no longer there.
I'm like, where did it go?
What happened?
And she said, get ready.
It's going to run in
front of us from right
to left in about 15 seconds.
>>NOORY: How did she know this?
>>LE BLANC: And that's
exactly what I said.
I was like, how
do you know this?
She's like, it just told me.
So--
>>NOORY: "It told me"?
>>LE BLANC: It communicated
to her via telepathy
that it was going to
run in front of us.
And within 15 seconds--
>>NOORY: It happened.
>>LE BLANC: It happened.
This shadow about eight feet
tall went from the right
and crossed maybe 15, 20
feet to the other side.
And what terrified me was not
that we were about 50 feet away
from this, is that it moved and
we didn't hear footsteps or hear
any of the leaves or anything.
It moved like a ghost
right in front of us.
>>NOORY: Might this
explain, Ronny,
why we do not have a physical
specimen of a Bigfoot?
>>LE BLANC: Yes, I
believe that is--
>>NOORY: Because I've
always wondered about that.
>>LE BLANC: That's
my biggest thing.
Where are the bones?
Where are the bodies?
Why are all the photos
and videos blurry?
We've witnessed this
out in the field--
when we're near
something, our equipment
will start shutting down.
So for me, this
interdimensional hypothesis
about what Bigfoot
may or may not be
seems to make a lot of sense.
And you have these different
Native American stories
connecting UFOs as well.
So I am a definite believer
that they are interdimensional.
>>NOORY: There's a lot of
sightings in Leominster.
And my cousin,
Wayne, lives there.
His uncle on his father's side
was on one of the planes that
hit the Twin Towers of 9/11.
He was working with
the Avid company
and he was going to a meeting.
And the poor guy was
on the wrong plane.
But he's from Leominster.
>>LE BLANC: Unbelievable.
>>NOORY: Near there.
I mean, you guys could be
neighbors, for all I know.
>>LE BLANC: It's incredible.
I mean--
>>NOORY: But I've got to ask
him about Bigfoot experiences
in Leominster because I've
heard there's been a lot.
>>LE BLANC: There has.
And I've talked
to police officers
that have had
experiences and seen one
while they were hunting.
I've talked to other
individuals that have also seen,
for lack of better term, elves.
>>NOORY: Elves?
>>LE BLANC: I've seen a
picture of something that
looks about three feet
tall with boots and a hat,
and I was blown away.
And this person is very
hesitant to share any photos,
doesn't want to
meet with me, but he
has a bunch of evidence,
photographic evidence,
of these smaller beings
that are around this area.
He went back to his
house and this thing
had followed him home.
He was seeing it
out in the backyard.
>>NOORY: You told
the story of how
you threw a rock in, but have
there ever been rocks thrown out
at you?
>>LE BLANC: Yes, it
was pretty amazing
filming for Expedition Bigfoot.
We were out in the
Redwood Forest.
And again, my belief that these
things are interdimensional,
which probably means
they're a little bit more
advanced than us.
>>NOORY: Maybe.
>>LE BLANC: Maybe.
I never really feel
like I'm in danger.
>>NOORY: They don't
seem to have technology.
>>LE BLANC: Correct.
So I decided to--
one of my things
was to meditate
by an area that we
felt like was their home area.
And I wanted to be
right on the outskirts
and see if we could
get some interest.
Maybe something
would approach me
as I'm sitting there meditating.
I then, after about
15, 20 minutes,
felt an energy behind me.
I felt like there was
something there that
wasn't there when we started.
So, at that point,
I got up and I
started to walk into,
let's say, their backyard.
And as I began to do this,
a rock came flying over
and landed right in front of me.
And it came from the spot where
I felt energy from behind.
>>NOORY: It was to
get your attention
or to hit and hurt you.
>>LE BLANC: It was, in my
opinion, in many cases,
they are doing that
to get us to get away.
If they wanted to hit us,
they could hit us easily.
>>NOORY: How big was the rock?
>>LE BLANC: Probably about
this size, about a baseball.
>>NOORY: That would have hurt.
>>LE BLANC: It would have hurt
if I got hit by that, yeah.
And as I continued a few more
steps, another one came over.
And then a little bit more,
and the third one landed.
And that's when I
was like, OK, I'm
now starting to push the limits,
and maybe something negative
will happen if I
continue further.
So we ended up
stopping at that point.
>>NOORY: Do you find, Ronny,
that more and more people
are coming forward
with Bigfoot stories?
>>LE BLANC: I have found that.
And what's really
helped with that wave
has been what's been going
on in the UFO and UAP world.
I think people are realizing
that there's something
else that's happening.
Other people have had
these similar experiences
and sightings, so they're
feeling a little bit
more courageous to come
forward and share these things.
>>NOORY: Now, on the
Expedition Bigfoot,
you've done a lot of
work, but have there
been some film clips that
never made it to the show?
>>LE BLANC: Yes, I
think my first time
joining the show, within
the first couple of days,
being out in the
field in Oregon,
I was getting acclimated.
>>NOORY: So you're
all over the map.
>>LE BLANC: All over.
We'll go to different
hotspots wherever
we can get some evidence.
And we try to go to areas that
are very remote so there's
no human interaction that
might mess up the situation.
We're at this particular
location in Oregon.
And Dr. Myer is
being interviewed
by one of the camera guys.
And I'm off to the
side by myself,
waiting for them to be
done, trying to be quiet.
Suddenly, I look up, and there's
a white orb flying above me,
is completely silent.
>>NOORY: You're a magnet.
>>LE BLANC: I don't
know what's going on.
And I saw this
thing, and I was--
I looked back and I didn't
know if I should yell or shout.
I took out my flashlight as
this thing is flying over me
and I hit it with
the flashlight beam.
It stopped in mid-air
and just hovered over me
while I had that
flashlight on it.
When I shut off the
flashlight, maybe a beat later,
it continued on and went
over the mountainside.
>>NOORY: It probably
thought you were an orb.
>>LE BLANC: Yeah, so they were
pretty upset when they came back
because they said you
should have yelled to us
that you were witnessing this.
We would have run over
and started filming it.
This is the kind of stuff
we're trying to get.
>>NOORY: What is
your conclusion?
Have you come to
one about Bigfoot?
>>LE BLANC: I have.
I do believe that they
are interdimensional.
I do believe that, for
lack of a better term,
whether we want to
call them alien or not,
they definitely seem
to have this ability
to traverse our dimension, to
disappear in a flash of light,
but also leave
physical evidence.
We've gotten eDNA.
>>NOORY: On purpose.
>>LE BLANC: What's that?
>>LE BLANC: On purpose, yeah.
We've gotten eDNA from an
unknown primate in Kentucky
from below a tree
structure that these things
are believed to build.
A lot of the Native
American tribes
talk about these being the
first people, the forest people,
that they used to trade with.
But they seem to have some
abilities that maybe we
had the capabilities, back in
time, that we have since lost.
But I think they're trying
to get us to reconnect
with nature and spirituality.
>>NOORY: Some people have
reported that Bigfoot
had attempted to hurt humans.
I don't think that's the case.
>>LE BLANC: I don't
think so as well.
I think there's different cases
like Ape Canyon in the late
'20s where there were miners
that had supposedly killed one
and then their cabin was being
attacked by multiple Bigfoot.
They left all their mining
equipment, everything there.
They took off.
>>NOORY: There was an old
black-and-white photo of them,
I think.
>>LE BLANC: Yes.
And so you have a few of
these different stories,
but the modern-day
experiences, there
seem to be more positive
ones than anything.
>>NOORY: How do people
find you, Ronny?
>>LE BLANC: You can go
to ronnyleblanc.com.
And I try to put all my
different talks and conferences
on there.
And you can also find my books,
"Monsterland", on Amazon.
>>NOORY: And spell
Ronny Le Blanc for us.
>>LE BLANC: Sure.
So it's Ronny, R-O-N-N-Y.
LE BLANC, L-E-B-L-A-N-C.
>>NOORY: And what's the
future hold for you?
>>LE BLANC: The
future for me is I'm
continuing to walk through
these doors that seem
to be opening along my path.
I want to get answers
from my own experiences.
But for the greater
good of people,
they need to know the truth when
it comes to UFOs and Bigfoot,
so I really want to be
a messenger of sorts
and try to see if we can work
together to find out the truth.
>>NOORY: Well, you're a
great messenger, to be sure.
Ronny, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>LE BLANC: Thanks
for having me, George.
>>NOORY: He must be a magnet
because orbs and Bigfoot seem
to travel wherever he is.
I've been looking
around the studio
to see if there's anything.
I haven't found one
yet, but you never know.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]